I was so excited today is a day I am at
YouTube space la we are premiering
Internet kids went from literally
nobodies people weirdos outcasts filming
themselves to an entire industry it
makes a lot of people a lot of money for
one time every year we get a chance to
come in and meet up and just get out
from behind our cameras and just enjoy
each other that is a documentary that I
filmed with my homies at VidCon last
year so it's not a long time coming we
premiered a buffer festival and now
we're here on the eve of the launch its
launching on Vimeo on demand tomorrow
tomorrow come energy yourself hey Ron
what's going on guys this is Aaron
obviously had this idea for this
documentary like a while back how did
you like execute it I wanted to
highlight the community aspect that
YouTube kind of you know create and
VidCon is like internet summer camp for
so many kids and it's so cool it's about
a 30 or 40 minute documentary there's
going to be some cool peeps here yeah
let's go come here let's go do that
yes let's go hey I just showed oh all
right
hi what's your name I'm John nice to
meet you you're a smoke big bro
I hope you know this is the reason why I
came to LA just for the justice and I
read also John is just put on a center
net kids this is a documentary this is
where you go in first time I ever met
Evan was at VidCon right because boys
are you 2016 you're on the YouTube
channel called nerdwriter it's these
epic video as they've just told me what
happened recently we're here to
subscribe
who complimented your video uh prime
minister at the 23rd Prime Minister of
Canada Justin Trudeau yeah he was
basically like my favorite usually I'm
blown away I'm actually still like
blabber again yeah feels what you call a
massive black box where all of the magic
happens they come and build sets this is
my new home I'm actually moving to LA
and so the YouTube space wow this is
like really next $4,000 a month
la home tour this is our new home
together to do your let's do a home
before there's equipment everywhere you
would like massive zomick's guys there's
Lacroix did you get this just for me did
you approve the flavors we kind of did
yeah you got on your hand oh don't you
John I think John you're the magic
culture coming with me yeah yeah I
couldn't catch the popcorn until John
John threw in you're the one with the
magic touch
I came in for you I came in clutch this
crane is so in right now this is what we
shot the entire booster board video on
yeah you can get me low shots like this
you guys pretty much lived it all of our
interest was because
[Applause]
[Music]
and in this place where everyone loves
that I do and I can hold up the camera
to my face it's not weird anymore
[Music]
it's over it's so good
how'd you lose the dope in your knee no
I got do you listen it was so fun
watching that with a group of people the
only other time it's been aired like
that is that buffer festival but now
it's out its out into the world internet
kids
you can rent on Vimeo on demand I will
put the link jonathan below but seeing
that just made me so excited for VidCon
for also playlist live if you live in
Florida if you're close to Orlando buy a
ticket to playlist live I think it is
the first or second week of May and you
could come meet me you can say hey you
can say what's up because I'll be there
and John's going to be there as well the
John Hill but that's probably one of my
all-time favorite things about YouTube
is just not only connecting with the
other creators but also meeting you guys
and talking to you guys about your hopes
and dreams and everything else yeah that
got me stoked stoked on YouTube even
though today it's Friday I should have
had a video go up tonight but it's gonna
this is going to go up tomorrow so sorry
for the late upload I'm I'm getting
there one week I'm going to upload every
single video Monday through Friday at
exactly 8:00 p.m. Eastern Standard stem
and it's going to be the most amazing
thing ever
John I'm hungry you always should do
what I'll call it over that round really
get some food
oh my gosh did you talk to them about
internet kids you can rent it now on
Vimeo on demand definitely check it out
I'm not even kidding I'm so motivated
right now not right now inspired it
makes you like it makes me stoked to
make Internet videos now let me conquer
something and be an Internet I want to
entertain people was that good enough I
look like
[Music]
another beauty in the California go
figure
go freaking figure where I almost
tripped and dice are on Melrose have the
mail roads stay out it's very sunny and
warm and so yeah I'm going to go grab a
teat of some sort and we're going to go
where we got ripped apart we are going a
great dance part got a shirt it's simple
to see all the ado stirred inside Urban
Outfitters I've always been a I have to
ever Becky and it is we were just
talking about them but like are you Nike
or adidas but when I played sports I was
all Nike but whenever I'm going for some
chill I asked you know Shri Parish
clothes I viewed as a small very
mainstream they have six steps time to
change my shirt close your eyes shirt
exploring Griffith Park driven I don't
really know where we're going so this is
what John came to skate and you go all
the way down here but to his surprise
both are surprised there are people in
the park just getting so turned for
Easter this isn't isn't normal how busy
it is John is is still skateable
[Music]
just cruising down this looks terrifying
pretty scary alright why are you
stealing what are you going to try to do
I just want to see if I can - Etrigan
into it and survive therefore passing
[Music]
yeah yo dice that was a close one
you cannot boy you know you
such a beautiful day outside today I
actually just took to Twitter because
what a perfect perfect place to just sit
down answering questions I was like I'm
answering three questions and a vlog hit
me up and you gave us amazing questions
I'm going to see how many I can answer
in a very short amount of time but
there's a lot of new people around
recently so I just want to say hey
welcome to the peachy fam it is always a
great time over here it's always very
inspiring to just get to know you guys
and the journey the creative journey
that whatever journey you're on a long
solution so let's get into some
questions was there anything you liked
in computer science
this person is currently studying
computer science yes so I spent a long
time pursuing a electrical engineering
degree and then a computer science
degree something about computer science
that I actually really appreciate and
taught me how to think out of the box
and think logically and think
differently about problems whenever I'm
in premier or Photoshop or Lightroom and
I'm trying to accomplish something with
a video or a picture oftentimes I don't
know just some gears work in my brain
like they normally didn't do and I'm
just able to solve a problem quicker and
in a way that's like well that's weird
but it works programming critical
thinking like that really teaches you
how to think differently and every facet
of your life I'm actually thankful for
that what makes you happy like truly
fills you with joy when nothing else
being right Wow
I get true utter joy from two things
putting in the work towards a project of
some sort and then seeing the outcome of
it seeing the idea that was once just an
idea come to life that is so amazing so
refreshing and truly gives me joy the
other side of that is people I am just
like so passionately in love with some
people and to also beyond kind of the
same journey through life in terms of
work and relationally and just having
community with my fellow creative humans
that are in my life life's very short
I'm very thankful for the people
my life right now it's not necessarily
about how many friends are how many
collaborators you surround yourself with
but just the quality of the people if
you had to convince someone to move to
New York what would you tell them I
would tell them the people the creative
community in New York the camaraderie
between everyone who is out there
hustling and grinding is unlike anything
else LA is dope
but I feel like New York it's about
doing it's not about for our brunches
and chillin on the beach once work is
over but it's about just getting it done
and even switch places with anyone for
one day who would it be it would
probably be some crazy CEO person out
there slaying the world like an Elon
Musk or a Mark Cuban or someone like
that because I feel like I would be very
overwhelmed but also being so much
inside what movie YouTube videos are a
must watch I always talk about YouTube I
am in the YouTube space so I will I will
suggest the movies secret life of walter
mitty la-la land Monty Python and the
Holy Grail and airplane and arrival and
interstellar those are all kind of my
favorite movies are you going to launch
a merch store soon you guys so much for
the questions I'm going to actually pick
it up again here for the next vlog
thanks for hanging out with me let me
like this video subscribe button down
below if you have not yet host every
week day Monday through Friday
LG has a necklace ABC ok bye
[Music]
you